Make WinHTTP transport adapter to NOT use SSL/TLS for unsecured HTTP connections (#2678)
Azure/azure-sdk-for-cpp: sdk/identity/azure-identity/CHANGELOG.md

### Breaking Changes

### Bugs Fixed

> - Fixed `ManagedIdentityCredential` not being able to authenticate on an Azure VM when the WinHTTP transport adapter is being used.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fixed `ManagedIdentityCredential` authentication on an Azure VM when using WinHTTP transport adapter.
```
